Added missing alt text to images for six conceptual articles (#710)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/quickstarts/qrng.md

In the Bloch sphere, the north pole represents the classical value **0** and the south pole represents the classical value **1**. Any superposition can be represented by a point on the sphere (represented by an arrow). The closer the end of the arrow to a pole the higher the probability the qubit collapses into the classical value assigned to that pole when measured. For example, the qubit state represented by the red arrow below has a higher probability of giving the value **0** if we measure it.

> ![A qubit state with a high probability of zero value](~/media/qrng-Bloch.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A qubit state with a high probability of measuring zero](~/media/qrng-Bloch.png)
```

> ![A qubit state with a high probability of measuring zero](~/media/qrng-Bloch.png)

Reviewer 2: The diagrams look really big now on a laptop screen. Probably to leave the old HTML here

Author: Restored the HTML and added alt attributes

We can use this representation to visualize what the code is doing:

* First we start with a qubit initialized in the state **0** and apply `H` to create a superposition in which the probabilities for **0** and **1** are the same.

> ![Putting a zero-state qubit into superposition](~/media/qrng-H.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Preparing a qubit in superposition](~/media/qrng-H.png)
```
